# monopoly
my c++ project form 2014, planing convert it to 3D game with game engine "Panda3D"

----------------------- Following is old doc -------------------------

Description of methods, architecture, algorithms, and functions

1.	The architecture of design for this project was developed using the tools that we were taught throughout the course. The create user method instantiates a user upon the start of the main method. The main method will start game off by searching in a designated text file for a user that has already been created. If it finds one, it will import this information into the running instance of the game otherwise the default variables and constructors will be used.
2.	Following the creation of the basic user, or the importation of an existing user (This will be dependent on which runtime we are using for the game profile) the main method will begin to draw up a map for us to play on. This is accomplished by opening a file (creating if it does not exist) the basic information that is necessary for the board game.
3.	The card-game method will display in ASCII to the user a mini game where they are given the option to draw a card, and depending on the rank/suite of the card that has been drawn, their status within the card game. This can either be a winning combination of black cards, a winning combination of red cards, or the cards can have different color combinations and you will lose!
4.	The next method that we can discuss within this gamefile is going to be the implementation of the map itself. This method draws on the location of the various player pieces that have been placed on the map throughout the duration of the main method, and the options that the players have selected. Depending on these variables, the depiction of the map will change. This is especially important due to the fact that this is an actual game, and there needs to be non static maps in order for the game to be playable. Therefore, this method calls upon the data fields of each of the objects that are created within the game in order to find the locations of the pieces (of which will be displayed on the map).
5.	The citychecker method is a utility method which we can call throughout the program in order to obtain the status of a city that a player is currently located in. It will take in a variable in the form of an integer which we use to keep track of which player is currently drawing on the method, and we can use this information in order to modify data fields of the player object depending on whether or not the city that the player is located on is a good city or a bad city. This is accomplished through a Boolean logic system and if statements which will use determined conditions data structures in order to facilitate the check.
6.	The ownershipchecker method is another utility method which can be called throughout  the functions in the program in order to determine whether a tile that a player is occupying is a valid choice for ownership. The method will also be able to determine whether or not a player is at a tile which is already occupied or owner by another player. The method will display to the user the value of the city that they have arrived on, and it will present them an option to purchase this city if it does not already have an owner. In the case that the player would want to purchase the  city, and the city does not have an owner already, the player is then presented with this choice but the method is smart enough to tell whether or not the player has enough money to actually conduct this purchase. If the player does not have enough money to buy the city, the option will notify them that they do not have the necessary funds in order to conduct this transaction. The city ownership method will call on the buycity function in order to change the datafields for the various cities, and it is through this compartmentalization of code that we hoped to avoid future bugs and make fixes even quicker to conduct. Regardless of the option that the player chooses upon calling a citychecker method, they will be notified of their choice to either buy the city, whether or not they bought the city or had enough money, or whether the city was already owned.
7.	The buycity method is a small method which will modify the ownership value of a city to whichever player has purchased that city. It will also change the monetary funds of the player making the purchase to reflect their new funds following the deduction of the city cost.
8.	The toll method is another method which will modify the funds of the player depending on the toll for the city at which they have arrived.
9.	The currently located method is a void method that will be able to set information about the players location to a calling method, utilized when the player has moved locations.
10.	Rand_int is a method that is called in order to give a random integer value.
